GitHub Connector documentation update (#95)
kyma-incubator/hack-showcase: docs/github-connector/installation.md

# GitHub Connector Installation

- [GitHub Connector Installation](#github-connector-installation)
  - [Installation in Kyma with Helm](#installation-in-kyma-with-helm)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Steps](#steps)

## Installation in Kyma with Helm

### Prerequisites

- Connection to Kyma cluster
- GitHub Connector Docker image

### Steps

> 1. Go to [Kyma repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) and run script `/installation/scripts/tiller-tls.sh` to get certificates needed for using Helm commands. By default they are stored in `~/.helm` directory. After that add `--tls` flag to every Helm command to authorize and authenticate yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Kyma repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) and run script `/installation/scripts/tiller-tls.sh` to get certificates needed for using Helm commands. By default they are stored in `~/.helm` directory. After that add the `--tls` flag to every Helm command to authorize and authenticate yourself
```

I don't like the `yourself` part. It sounds too colloquial and too general. What do you mean by that? To authenticate a user, an app? Please, specify.

> 2. Go to `chart/githubconnector` directory. Run the command to install GitHub Connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the `chart/githubconnector` directory. Run this command to install GitHub Connector:
```

> 2. Go to `chart/githubconnector` directory. Run the command to install GitHub Connector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Go to `chart/githubconnector` directory. Run this command to install GitHub Connector:
```

    ``` shell
    helm install --set container.image={DOCKER_IMAGE} --set kymaAddress={KYMA_ADDRESS} -n {RELEASE_NAME} . --tls
    ```

>     >**CAUTION:** Kyma address should be in the right format. It must consist of domain name, without dot  character at the beggining, for example `35.187.32.214.xip.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**CAUTION:** Make sure that the Kyma address is in the correct format. It must consist of the domain name, without the dot character at the beginning. For example, `35.187.32.214.xip.io`.
```
`It must` or `it consists`?
- Don't use `should`. See [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/08-style-and-terminology.md#terminology).
- Don't use `for example` in the middle of the sentence. See [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/08-style-and-terminology.md#terminology).
- I'd rephrase that:
  > It must consist of the domain name, **without the dot character at the beginning**.

  to something like:
  >  It consists of the domain name and omits the dot at the beginning. 

  if the dot is there in other cases and just here needs to be omitted.

Author: Actually, the dot doesn't appear there usually and most people wouldn't put it there, but I wanted to emphasize it. I'll change it to `It consists of the domain name and cannot begin with the dot.`

>     >**NOTE:** To define Namespace in which chart should be installed add flag `--namespace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE:** To define the Namespace in which to install chart, add the flag `--namespace`.
```
Do we use `the` in front of `chart`? Do we capitalize it? (Just checking to make sure).

Author: Chart isn't in guidelines' [list of capitalized terms](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/08-style-and-terminology.md#capitalized-terms). Also, I haven't seen using `the` in front of it.
